Small improvements to Connect docs (#6910)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/connect/connect-internals.html.md

and can be extended to support any system by adding additional CA providers.

All APIs required for Connect typically respond in microseconds and impose

> minimal overhead to existing services. Ensuring this, Connect-related APIs calls

Reviewer: I see why the old sentence is a bit awkward her but perhaps we could simplify the grammar/voicing further? 

```suggestion
minimal overhead to existing services. To ensure this, Connect-related API calls
```

Author: Agreed!
